## Social Fulcrum FB Table Documentation


### __Overall Table Structure__

Each observation in the table represents a unique ad set/date/client combination. For example, a row with the Account 'Account A', Ad Set 'Ad Set B', and Date '06/06/2016' would contain the performance metrics for Account A's Ad Set B on 06/06/2016.


### __By Column:__


_Account (character):_

Anonymized column, where each 24-digit string represents an individual Social Fulcrum client.

_Ad set (character):_

The individual piece or of ad creative and/or audience target. Contains several different measurements describing the creative, which each have their own column in the table (referrenced later).

_Date (date):_

The date when the given actions for the given ad set occured. For example, if pixel 1 equals 45 in a row with 06/06/2016 as the date and 'Ad Set A' as the ad set, then Ad Set A generated 45 pixel 1 events on 06/06/2016.

_Year (integer):_

The year the observation was made.

_Month (integer):_

The month the observation was made.

_Week_Num (integer):_

The week number (of the year) the observation was made.

_Week_day (character):_

The day of the week the observation was made.

_Test (integer):_

The number of the test the ad set belongs to. Ad sets with the same test number were (or are being) tested against each other to determine which one delivers the best results.

_Subject (character):_

The variable being tested in this test number. 'Pic', for example, indicates a picture test.

_Platform (character):_

The platform on which the ad was run. 'm' means mobile, 'dt' means desktop, and 'dtm' means both desktop and mobile.

_Image (character):_

The image that was run with the ad.

_Header (character):_

The uppermost section of text that was run with the ad.

_Footer (character):_

The lower section of text that was run with the ad.

_Interest (character):_

The interest that ad set was being targeted to reach ('none' indicates that no interest was used to target this ad set).

_Interest (character):_

The interest that ad set was being targeted to reach ('none' indicates that no interest was used to target this ad set).

_Behavior (character):_

The behavior that ad set was being targeted to reach ('none' indicates that no behavior variable was used to target this ad set).

_Demographic (character):_

The demographic that ad set was being targeted to reach ('none' indicates that no demo was used to target this ad set).

_UTM (character):_

A unique identifier that is used to transmit information about the ad set into other systems (Google Analytics, CRMs, etc.)

_Vert (character):_

The industry vertical the ad set was targeting (where applicable).

_Product (character):_

The product the ad set was advertising (where applicable).

_Lookalike (character):_

The [lookalike audience](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/164749007013531) that the ad set was targeting.

_Audience (character):_

A concatenation of the interest, behavior, demographic, and lookalike fields.

_Wildcarddescriptor:_

Deprecated.

_Spend (float):_

The spend (in USD) for the given ad set/date/account combination.

_Impressions (integer):_

The impressions (number of times the ad was shown) for the given ad set/date/account combination.

_Clicks (integer):_

The number of clicks for the given ad set/date/account combination.

_Pixel(n) Columns (integer):_

These columns represent client key performance indicators (KPIs). The most important are __Pixel1__, __Pixel5__ and __Pixel10__, which represent the first funnel step (usually land on page), mid-funnel step (usually add to cart), and final funnel step (typically checkout).

The other pixel columns vary from client to client - Social Fulcrum team can provide additional information on a client-by-client basis as needed.

_Backend(n) Columns (integer):_

The same metrics as pixel(n), but measured using the client's backend systems (CRM, etc.), instead of using Facebook's pixels. These columns allow us to confirm data are passing properly and capture any information missed by Facebook.

_Event 10 Revenue (float):_

Revenue generated by the pixel/backend 10 events (checkouts, or other end-of-funnnel). 

Currently only implemented for a few clients.